Okay great.
So we've arrived at the point where we will learn how to find the regression line.
The most common method to do that is called the O LS or the ordinary least squares method least squares
stands for the minimum squares error or ss.
You may recall that a lower error results in a better explanatory power of the regression model.
So this method aims to find the line which minimizes the sum of squared errors.
All right let's clarify things with this graph.
We can find many lines that fit the data the LS determines the one with the smallest error graphically.
It is the one closest to all points simultaneously.
The expression used to do this is this one.
But how is this formula applied well.
This is a minimization problem that uses calculus and linear algebra to determine the slope and intercept
of the line.
After you crunch the numbers you'll find the intercept is be zero and the slope is be one knowing the
coefficients.
Here you have it your regression equation.
We can try minimizing the square sum of errors on paper but with data sets comprising thousands of values.
This is almost impossible nowadays.
Regression analysis is performed through software beginners statisticians prefer Excel SPSS SJS and
stat for calculations data analysis and data scientists.
However faver programming languages like R and Python as they offer limitless capabilities and unmatched
speed.
Finally we must know that there are other methods for determining the regression line.
They are prefered in different contexts.
Such examples are the Bazy and regression the kernel regression and the garage in process regression.
However the least squares method is simple yet powerful enough for many if not most problems.
We will stick with it.
Thanks for watching.